OCPBUGS-7335: Updates SDK extensions to current (#55844)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dynamic-plug-in-sdk-extensions.adoc

[discrete]
== `console.topology/adapter/build`

> `BuildAdapter` contributes an adapter to adapt element to data that can be used by the Pod component.

Reviewer: Is this change correct?

Author: So like this?
```suggestion
`BuildAdapter` contributes an adapter to adapt element to data that can be used by the Build configuration.
```
and same for the one below?

[cols=",,,",options="header",]
|===
|Name |Value Type |Optional |Description
|`adapt`
|`CodeRef<(element: GraphElement) => AdapterDataType<BuildConfigData> | undefined>`

> |no | adapter to adapt element to data that can be used by Networking component. |

Reviewer: Is this correct?
